README.md, before:

# Cryptocurrencies Monitor

This is a Python application that shows the prices of different markets (currencies exchange rates) 
of different Exchanges (websites that offer trading functionality).  
  
This folder contains the working code of the Web Scraping lesson.  


## Dependencies

- BeautifulSoap


## WIP

- Tkinter interface
  - filter by Market
  - filter by Exchange
  - show a message for info/warning
  - load prices asynchronously
  - create different views for the price (table data arrangement)
  - save configuration when the application close


## TODO

- Tkinter interface (WIP)
- execute the scan continuosly
- create a .exe Windows file
- Web page where download the application
- auto update the application


## REsources

Icons

- B/W set 1: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/glyphish-icons-by-glyphish.html
- B/W set 2: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/mini-4-icons-by-custom-icon-design.html
- B/W set 3: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/mini-3-icons-by-custom-icon-design.html
- Blueberry: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/blueberry-basic-icons-by-icojam.html (for check)
- Oxygen: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/oxygen-icons-by-oxygen-icons.org.html ()for arrows

Commit message:

Load Currencies from "coinmarketcap.com". Show only the selected currency pair (defined in configuration). Add "Currency" and CurrencyPair entities. Replace the name "market" with "currency pair" in the code and in the configuration Add list of FIAT currencies.

README.md, after:

# Cryptocurrencies Monitor

This is a Python application that shows the prices of different markets (currencies exchange rates) 
of different Exchanges (websites that offer trading functionality).  
  
This folder contains the working code of the Web Scraping lesson.  


## Dependencies

- BeautifulSoap


## WIP

- Tkinter interface
  - filter by Market
  - filter by Exchange
  - show a message for info/warning
  - load prices asynchronously
  - create different views for the price (table data arrangement)
  - save configuration when the application close


## TODO

- Tkinter interface (WIP)
- execute the scan continuosly
- create a .exe Windows file
- Web page where download the application
- auto update the application
- avoid to wait the laoding of currencies and exchanges on every start, use a previous cached list and update it when load finished.


## REsources

Icons

- B/W set 1: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/glyphish-icons-by-glyphish.html
- B/W set 2: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/mini-4-icons-by-custom-icon-design.html
- B/W set 3: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/mini-3-icons-by-custom-icon-design.html
- Blueberry: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/blueberry-basic-icons-by-icojam.html (for check)
- Oxygen: http://www.iconarchive.com/show/oxygen-icons-by-oxygen-icons.org.html ()for arrows
